yeah
coming down to the wire being in
the lead like this I've got a
little bit of a taste for
winning now we have two smaller
fish on boy
but who knows what the others
will do in the next few days
I think we're going to need a
big fat slob to maintain on the
market right now on the down rod
this race is way too close to
call everybody knows that we
caught a jumbo here so they all
want in on our action
welcome back and neck and it's
going to come down to catching
the biggest fish
now you see an easy that call
look
hey ready to move it boy oh boy
we're on the job done and I love
you don't like cold day we've
been doing grace
he's working on it
yeah
it's get a game let's get them
let's get them dead broke padam
areas he call when he comes
around and fight and fight and
fight him pulling
got him got him got him got him
got him
animals that we are they
underestimated the slow boat
this year
coming in with our last catch we
won't even know who the winner
is
tell the last boat weighs in the
final fish
201 pounds water for kneading
found 272 pounds right nice
right
stop talking
you guys 16 months and how about
a nice ok we'll take it and take
it
21 bucks a pound
storm we had a great season but
bottom line we really don't have
any idea how this is gonna turn
out
what are you Jason my piano last
I want to go head-to-head with
that you like them
free under native cool pounds
for 39 grass where
oh they happen so I want to get
you twenty dollars and pound
I really would like to get more
but I this one is it
what's gonna get me one - all
the pound on that one right
look Pat knows the year thing
we've got great prices but it
just wasn't enough to be hard
March
thanks a lot . i've been
following Dave around the ocean
since I was 16 years old he's
having an excellent year and I'm
really happy for him
it feels great to be the highest
rating both the season the
leader of the fleet great season
3 season
take a few weeks off from the
maintenance of the boat
I think about going to North
Carolina go back there and kick
your butt down there - yeah and
it has doing